# data

param: manuscript version
returns: all_items, all_context, all_items_without_duplicates, all_context_without_duplicates

For each tag type in the manuscript, the corresponding CSV file is read. 
The corresponding csv files are located in the manuscript-object/context/<manuscript edition> directory

context: not including the tag, in csv in Python list format in two columns:
		before--preceding 10 words
		after--succeeding 10 words

Stopwords and digits are removed before the non-empty tag and context lists are appended to the returned lists. Each sublist contains entries pertaining to a particular tag
  
# heatmaps
  
The vocabulary used for this analysis depends on the function’s boolean “context” parameter.
There are two types of heat maps generated by this function:
1. context--uses context only to compare
    Titles include the phrase: “the context of talking about two different topics” 
2. tag--uses vocabulary from within tags (when context is false)
    Titles include the phrase: “when talking about two different topic”

The symmetrical component comes from how many terms the data has in common, or mathematically the length of the intersection divided by the length of the union of the two datasets. It can be thought of as the overlap. The asymmetrical component refers to what percentage the intersection comprises of each individual dataset. 

The titles of the files and the title that appears on the visualization is a useful way to identify which heatmap reflects which vocabulary and difference. 

| Graph Title  | Vocabulary |
| ------------- | ------------- |
| How similar is the author-practitioner’s vocabulary in the context of talking about two different topics [manuscript] | +- 10 context words surrounding the tag with duplicates and stopwords removed for a single manuscript  |
| How similar is the author-practitioner’s vocabulary when talking about two different topics [manuscript]| Text contained in the tag with duplicates and stopwords removed for a single manuscript |
| How similar is the author-practitioner's vocabulary in the context of talking about two different topics [<manuscript 1>-<manuscript 2>]  | +- 10 context words surrounding the tag with duplicates and stopwords removed for each manuscript |
| How similar is the author-practitioner's vocabulary in when talking about two different topics [<manuscript 1>-<manuscript 2>]  | Text contained in the tag with duplicates and stopwords removed for each version of the  manuscript|
	

The legend of each map tells you whether the map is symmetrical or asymmetrical. The symmetrical legends are labeled “Percentage of identical words.” The asymmetrical legends are labeled “Percentage of included words.”

